from the TV screen directly to the heads are
the hero-inspired haircuts
and cartoon characters but
special toll of monica simões giro
different full of style
What are you doing with the kids?
are the carved drawings with
delicacy in the hair of the hands of
professionals come out of all characters
comic cartoon
Super heroes
I really like him. She listened to him.
day when it passes, I really like it
we see the batman fan
Why did you choose this drawing?
Tom is that Washington and I'm very fan
the tone until the Chávez appeared walking
by the threads it seems that fashion has taken this
idea painted by making a risquinho
on that disc was another one after another
soon the whole head there turned
success all if you think this is
thing is wrong all the
looking for drawing week
the success is so great that Roberto
decided to open courses to teach
those who feel like leaving the
So happy clients of life I saw that
many people already have this gift
knows at the tip of the tip of the
who needed to use models and today I
I made this system that is working
to make stylish drawings like these
hence we need to use some
instruments like cutting machine
razor hair scissors comb
water spray patience and talent
are also necessary because a cut
like this
It takes an hour to get ready and
today in tribute to sbt
take a look
O
ae